# Analysing-Amazon-Sales-Data

Amazon Sales data refers to sales, high performing sellers and several other data points. There are millions of Amazon sellers around the world. Amazon sales data Analysis focuses on the process of analyzing consumer behavior, sales, and several other attributes in order to make improved, data-driven decisions. It is key to successfully sustaining their businesses and earning profits and for this purpose, they analyze different metrics like sales, Sales Quantity, Discount rate, Sales over years etc. By analyzing different metrics, you will be able to increase and improve your performance in terms of sales, Items to be sold and discount rates etc. Analysis of the sales data the main factor that contributes to sellers improving their business and increasing their revenue. They can better understand the market trends and customers’ buying behaviors and help them cater to what the customers really want. In the world of rising new technology and innovation, E-commerce industry is advancing with the role of Data Analytics. Data analysis can help them to understand their business in a quiet different manner and helps to improve the quality of the service by identifying the weak areas of the business. This study demonstrates the how different analysis help to make better business decisions and help analyze customer trends and satisfaction, which can lead to new and better products and services. Different analysis performed to get the key insights from this data based on which business decisions will be taken.......
